# Seismic Fault Detection
Traditionally, fault images are calculated from seismic data, and fault detection is performed using a fault enhancement algorithm. There is a lot of dependence on parameters in traditional methods, which means that the parameters have to be adjusted several times to achieve optimum detection. To avoid the strainful process, many deep learning techniques are applied for the detection of faults in the petroleum industry. A comparative analysis of three deep learning techniques: FPN, Unet, and Linknet along with three feature extraction techniques Resnet, Inceptionnet, and VGG16 is done.

# Intrusion Detection System
Because humans are unable to notice minute differences in network data, this will be a problem in applications such as intrusion detection, making it exceedingly difficult to locate network attacks. It's extremely difficult for intrusion detection since network data is rapidly increasing in unison with network expansion. They also have a vanishing gradient problem since they use saturated activation functions like tanh and sigmoid. Logistic regression, Naive Bayes, decision trees, random forests, and gradient boosting are some of the methods that are used to solve the Intrusion Detection problem. It was designed with network data's dynamic and scalable nature in mind. The independence of the neurons may make it easier to manage longer data sequences. The results show that the proposed model trains faster than existing ML learning methods, even with the identical set of parameters.

# Yoga Pose Detection using Deep Learning
The prediction of which Yoga Asana the individual is performing is done. A dataset was created by scrapping 1096 images of six different Yoga asanas (Bhujangasana, Padmasana, Shavasana, Tadasana, Trikonasana, and Vrikshasana). The key points of each and every image have been extracted with the help of MediaPipe. Dataset is prepared using coordinates of each keypoints. The model is then trained with the help of supervised learning models like Logistic Regression, Random Forest, Decision and Gradient Boosting. A comparative analysis of the 4 models is done and obtained a train accuracy of 99% and test accuracy of 96.82% for Gradient Boosting which is the best among all the other models. Hence, Gradient Boosting was used for predicting the poses. For videos, the predictions are performed on each frame accordingly with the help of Gradient Boosting.
